[Music]
CIM hunky chemist I am feel totally
dirty open-bolt in Haven this is love
gooey love kuch bhi nahi hoga keys okay
but an EQ but Muji is a problems nahi
chahiye by Jessie is not an urban girl
Ami's an oven girl she likes dressing up
she likes doing things that normal girls
he said he says like doing and Jesse's
not like that she's from an orthodox
family and and things and dressing up
and going out and meeting boys and going
out to parties boy no I mean when you
are in a group of friends when you go
outside there's obviously boys there are
you doing here Jesse walls
sorry wanna make them say ake somebody
who's such a substance that's good
you know boutiques absolutely fabulous
and to be honest I don't think I
could've asked for a better co-star - to
make my debut in Bollywood because we
clicked completely we have a great
chemistry on-screen you know he's one of
my closest friends and on top of the
super talented actor he's very dedicated
and he's you know he's um somebody who
can help me and influence me whilst I'm
on SATs and give me confidence so you
know I've got the great package with mff
I've landed them on my feet Django look
that's such a dude you sit on Jupiter
god I am - says song called shutting
down so we shot that in a supermarket as
a as a first year shoot a lot of nerves
awkwardness but yeah it was fun
[Music]
I've watched it quite a few times I
haven't seen the Telugu version but the
Tamil version with the treasure and
symbol and I've ever seen quite a lot
Dounia may miss our ilaria Parma jjcc
Chiara
absolutely amazing knows exactly what he
wants really open to any suggestions and
lets us add this loose if you know what
I mean and calm cool and collected and
doesn't lose its temper and really
understanding and it's an absolute honor
to work with him and it was great like
lifetime of an experience working we got
the man definitely he has such great
insight he knows exactly what he wants
and he knows how to get it out of his
actors you know he made me feel very
comfortable on the sets I wasn't one bit
nervous I could go to him whenever I
needed any help so I was I was very
grateful for him giving me the chance to
work with him
[Music]
my head young cannot tell me are you
trying to imply it was me you you know
pratik has these he wasn't the most
troublesome buddy is he's got these
crazy diet routines and like yes you
just seen him before we did this in
through these protein shakes and stuff
so before like most takes he'd pop on
these protein shakes and stuff and on so
I heard them quite a few times in the
other side of the van doing these
weights in between shots and things so
although he had complete dedication on
the movie he also had this crazy idea
about keeping fit whilst filming be
capable of helping I'm honestly really
jealous of her she doesn't need a
workout she eats cakes and pastries and
sweets all day and she doesn't go to the
gym and she's an absolute amazing shape
[Music]
my definition of love is you know I
think our title for the Mobius is a
definition and somewhat this always a
bit of craziness when you're in love and
I don't think you can define it I know
pratik said irelia it's it's undefinable
isn't it you know it's something that
just happens and you know when it
happens but you don't understand what
has actually happened so it is a bit of
craziness there but I think it's it's
pretty hard to define it
pretty pretty much what she said can't
be defined as the unanswered questions
that people don't have answers for even
the wisest even the wisest of people
yeah so it's it's something that cannot
be defined but but it's um it's a
beautiful experience hey you come here
okay saga Sega heavy hail king duty
would be shiny silky Jesse
hey lucky buddy
Oh Jesse Ana Poli Poli coley-cole hey
Niecy Hey
Daqi koma koma like a sandal are akina's
nozaki lrg in saheeh Gemma gonna see
Jessie hey Mikey hey Coleman
HRV me go men
Kumbi ta Charmin Charmin down
hahaha
[Music]